♪♪
you know, there is nothing
like a good amiga study sesh.
Agreed. And so sorry guys.
I know it's been a while,
but I've just been so busy
hanging with harry.
We get it.
If we had our own harrys,
we'd be hanging with them, too.
My imaginary harry's
an australian surfer
named tyler,
but he prefers
to be called "big t."
that's so tyler.
Good to know.
But now, I am here,
and totally focused.
(sighs)
hey, girls,
get ready to be excited for me.
I just got pinned
by my sorority house!
That's amazing, grandma j!
And I'd be even more excited
if I knew what that meant.
You only get pinned
after you make it
to your second year.
It's a symbol of me
and my sisters'
lifelong commitment
to each other.
That sounds really cool,
grandma.
But we kinda need to get back to
studying for this english test.
I like your priorities.
They're not my priorities,
but I like yours.
All right,
let's get back to work.
No more distractions.
(doorbell rings)
okay, after this,
no more distractions.
(sighs)
-harry?
-Hey, syd.
Oh, hey, amigas.
Sorry, were you in
the middle of something?
-Well...
-Sorta.
-I mean--
-not at all. What's up?
I wanted to surprise you
with a picnic in the park
to celebrate our one-month
anniversary hanging out
together.
Right by those little
baby ducks you like.
Aww!
Our anniversary? You, me,
and wittle baby duckies?
But syd, we're in the middle
of a wittle study session.
What if we study
after the picnic?
I can't. My mom hates
when I miss meatloaf night.
I don't, but she does.
No worries.
We can do it tomorrow.
Sure. We can celebrate
our one month-anniversary
a day late.
The ducks won't know
the difference.
Of course, we will.
Syd, if you really
want to go, then--
thanks for understanding, guys.
Stay as long as you want.
And don't worry about me.
I'll study later on my own.
-(door closes)
-that was so romantic.
I want a surprise picnic.
Did she just leave us
in her house?
♪ do do do do ♪
(theme music playing)
♪ like father, like daughter,
we don't always agree ♪
♪ but looking at you
is like looking at me ♪
♪ the more things change,
the more they stay the same ♪
♪ like father, like daughter,
from different times ♪
♪ taking all the best
from your decade and mine ♪
♪ the more things change ♪
♪ the more they stay the same ♪
♪ do do, do do do do,
do do ♪
♪ the more they stay the same ♪
♪♪
you guys comparing grades?
That english test
was a toughie.
Actually, we all got a's.
What'd you get?
Oh, you know...
(softly): B-minus.
A b-minus?
Syd, english is your thing.
You never get b-minuses.
I thought you studied
on your own.
I was going to, but...
Harry and I were having
so much fun at the park.
Don't worry, syd.
It's only one test.
We'll help you study
for the next one.
In fact, why don't we go study
for Friday's math test together?
Math. Yes!
There's a reason everyone
calls me "the human calculator."
also, can you guys
start calling me
"the human calculator"?
Oh, shoot. I'm supposed
to go with harry to
the new trampoline park.
Maybe you could reschedule
with harry?
But it's all he's been
talking about all week.
You know what?
I can do both.
I will just meet you guys
after at the café.
Okay. See you there.
Let's go, olive.
(clears throat)
I mean, let's go,
human calculator.
I knew it'd catch on.
Syd, there you are.
We have fencing practice.
What? Today?
Coach announced it
after our last practice.
Oh, sorry. I didn't hear it.
I left early to meet harry.
In fact, I'm supposed to
meet harry to go to the
trampoline park right now.
Oh, well I'm sure
coach carlock
will understand.
-Really?
-No!
You know what?
I can do both.
I will just meet harry
after fencing practice.
Good. Now let's go.
Or as coach carlock would say:
Both:
Move it! Move it! Move it!
♪
okay, either your comb's
gotten bigger,
or your head's gotten smaller.
Alisha's gonna be here
any second,
and I want to look good.
Why don't you just
tell her you like her?
(scoffs) wow.
That's the dumbest idea
I've ever heard.
Yep, your head's
gotten smaller.
-Hey.
-Alisha! What a surprise!
Guess what? I just came from
that new store that opened up
downstairs--
the exploration emporium.
Isn't that store for geeks?
Geeks? It's my favorite store.
Unless you're saying I'm a geek.
Did I say "geeks"?
I meant to say greeks.
Not a fan of their salads.
I haven't even told you
the best part.
They're hiring!
I think I'm gonna go apply.
What? And leave here?
Oh, hey, cuz.
Would it be cool
if I applied for a job
at the new science store?
I think I can answer
for leo here and say,
"not gonna happen.
This is a family business,
and you don't abandon family."
that's pretty harsh, leo.
But you make a good point.
-Oh, really?
-Actually, it's fine with me.
But she could give away
all our company secrets.
What secrets?
Everyone already knows
the claw machine's rigged.
Really?
Thanks.
I'm gonna go check it out now.
♪
can't talk.
Grabbing smoothies for
my sorority sisters,
and I'm late.
So, what cool new thing
are you gals up to?
You hitting a hot new pop chop?
You going krump at
a silent dance shindig?
Are you just saying
random words?
Pretty much.
So, where are you off to?
We're going to take a group pic
wearing our new pins.
It's the first time
we're posting them,
so it's a big deal.
Cool. So where's your pin?
Very funny, max.
It's right--
it's not here.
It's not here!
Oh, no. Oh, no...
Oh, no!
What'll happen if your sorority
finds out you lost it?
I don't know.
No one's ever lost one,
but our host song is,
♪ kappa delta alpha zeta ♪
♪ got no pin,
then see ya late-a ♪
hey, grandma.
Can't talk. Lost pin. Life over.
Hey, syd. I can't wait
to hear your new songs
for café music night.
Oh, shoot.
I haven't gotten to them yet.
I've been kinda busy.
I'm actually meeting harry here
to go to the new
trampoline park.
Syd, I know how much
you like harry,
but don't you think
you might be spending
a little too much time with him?
What? No.
You think? Nah.
Well, maybe a little--
I'm gonna stick with no.
Syd.
Don't worry, dad. I promise
I will get to the songs.
Well, if you need some help,
I was quite the poet
back in the day.
Some might say
I'm more than... Okay.
Don't worry. My songs will...
Slay.
I am my father's daughter.
Wait, what are you guys
doing here?
We were supposed to study.
Remember?
Oh, no. I totally forgot.
I was planning on meeting harry,
and...
Wait. Do you guys think
I'm spending too much time
with harry?
-Um, well--
-yes.
Oh, we're telling the truth?
You know what?
I'm just gonna tell harry
that I can't go to
the trampoline park anymore,
so I can catch up on my studying
and songwriting and stuff.
Great idea.
I'm just afraid
I'll hurt his feelings
and he'll think I don't want
to hang out with him anymore.
I just hope harry understands.
Understand what?
Uh...
We'll leave you two alone.
(chuckles)
now? It was just getting good.
♪
syd, is something wrong?
Harry...
I know how much you've
been wanting to go to
the trampoline park.
But, I, um... I can't go.
I promised the amigas
that I'd study with them.
Plus, I have fencing practice,
and I have songs to write,
-and I just--
-syd. Syd.
I get it.
Really? You do?
Of course I do.
(sighs) thanks. And hey,
I'm sure you could use
time for your friends
and school, right?
Totally. We can go
in a few days,
after you finish all your stuff.
Perfect.
Wow. Cute, and understanding.
Man, I have good taste.
♪
guess who has exciting news?
Is leo here? I want to
tell you both together.
Nah, he's studying
at the library.
(scoffs) you webbs
and your crazy hobbies.
Well, I'm too excited to wait.
I think I'm gonna get that job
at the exploration emporium.
Really?
Congratulations.
Darwin, the manager,
was really impressed with me.
I nailed every question
he asked.
Most reactive element? Cesium.
Biggest planet in
the solar system? Jupiter.
How to lock up the store? Keys.
Wow. The only thing
I would have
gotten right was cesium.
Fine, it was keys.
Darwin said all that's left
is to check my references.
References? Is that, like,
another fancy science word?
We get it, science.
You use big words.
No. It's when someone from
the job you're applying for
calls your old job
and asks about you.
Hey, alisha.
I couldn't help but hear
the big news!
Thanks. I can't believe
I'm getting my dream job.
That's huge!
I'm gonna go whip you up
a congratulations sundae.
Hey, why don't you ever make me
a congratulations sundae?
I will, when you do something
worth congratulating.
That's okay, ms. Reynolds.
I should really go home and
tell my family the good news.
See you later!
Bye!
-(door closes)
-I can't believe alisha's
gonna leave the arcade
for some dumb science store.
It's so dumb.
And lame.
And dumb.
Boy, you really do
have a crush on her.
-Do not.
-Do, too.
Okay, maybe a little.
But what if she gets that job?
She'll be working all the way
across the mall,
and I'll never get to see her.
Here's a crazy idea.
Why don't you just
tell her the truth?
That you like her?
I can't tell her the truth.
What if she doesn't
like me back?
I have a much better
way to handle this.
Do I want to know about it?
Nope.
♪
mom, I know you have
a crush on the garbage man,
but I don't think this is
the way to attract him.
No. I've been looking everywhere
for my sorority pin.
I even dug through
our neighbors' trash.
Fyi, the garcias eat
a lot of ice cream
for a family that claims
to be lactose-intolerant.
Can't you just tell your
sorority sisters you lost it?
No way.
If they find out,
they'll think I don't take
our sisterhood seriously.
I already lost the house goat.
You have a house goat?
Not anymore.
(doorbell rings)
you guys ready
to rock some math?
The human calculator
was born ready.
Yeah, I'm not dropping that.
First, how'd it go with harry?
He totally understood.
In fact, he said he wanted time
to hang with his friends, too.
Wow, you're so good at
delivering tough news.
I may need you to talk to
my mom about her meatloaf.
Or we could start studying,
distraction free.
Okay, let's do
the first problem.
(phone vibrating)
-(tapping on phone)
-aww.
Harry just sent me a video
of a giraffe and a dog
who are best friends.
Which is not as important
as this word problem.
(phone vibrating)
syd, no offense,
but is harry gonna keep
texting you all night?
It's sweet of him,
-but--
-I get it. I'll put it away.
(phone vibrating)
nope. Totally not gonna respond.
maybe it's important.
(phone vibrating)
aww!
It's not.
Syd, this is making it
kinda tough to get into
the studying groove.
All I can think about is
how a dog and a giraffe
became friends.
How did they even meet?
I'm sorry.
I told harry I was gonna study
with you guys tonight. I...
Just assumed he'd be busy
with his friends, too.
Ooh, do we know them?
Are they cute?
Emmy, let's not get distracted.
Actually, those are both
valid questions.
I don't know.
I haven't met any of them.
Well, there's one way
to find out.
Deep dive on his feed.
I'm sure there are pics
of his friends on there.
I guess a quick peek
wouldn't hurt.
Okay. Uh, cute pic
of me and harry.
Cute pic with the amigas.
A cute pic of me, harry,
and the amigas.
Huh. Turns out,
his friends are cute.
They're us.
So, harry doesn't have
any other friends?
What? No.
That's impossible.
He's harry.
Who wouldn't love harry?
-(phone vibrates)
-(gasps) that must be harry.
Answer it!
You're his only friend.
♪
excuse me.
Are you darwin?
Indeed I am. Welcome to
exploration emporium.
May I interest you in one of
our body heat bracelets?
It changes color,
based on your temperature.
-Really?
-Oh, yes. Like a proton,
I'm positive it works.
(chuckles)
I don't get it.
I'm max,
and on behalf of the arcade,
I wanted to welcome you
to the mall.
You work at the arcade?
Halley's comet!
I just interviewed a girl
from there yesterday.
Alisha. Do you know her?
Alisha? Alisha... Alisha...
As luck would have it,
I do know her!
I was just about to call
the arcade to check
her references.
Imagine that!
Here's an idea that just
popped into my head.
Since I work at the arcade,
why don't you ask me
about alisha?
Huzzah! Inquiry one.
Would you say
she's a good worker?
Well...
You didn't hear it from me,
but I don't know if that's
what I would call someone
who's always late.
Really? Alisha told me
she's never been late.
Not even for a yoctosecond.
Or was it a zeptosecond?
But who doesn't confuse the two?
Uh, not me.
So, how is she
with the customers?
Well, again,
you didn't hear it from me,
but she's more than
a little unfriendly.
In fact, they call her,
"unfriendly alisha."
is it catchy? No.
Is it true? Yes.
Well, you've been very helpful.
And, uh, much like
the small intestine,
I now have a lot to digest.
(giggles)
again, don't get it.
Olive (over phone):
So, have you figured out
how you're gonna ask harry
if he has any friends?
Yes, and if I say so myself,
it's genius.
-Really?
I can't wait to hear what--
-(doorbell rings)
gotta go. That's harry.
Hey, syd.
What's all this?
I was thinking,
-we could play this new
dance game I got.
-Sure.
(dance music starts)
-this is fun.
-I know, right?
But you know
what's even more fun
is playing with
a group of friends.
Now slide.
Totally. Now dip.
So, anyone you'd want to invite?
Oh! I know exactly who.
-Who?
-The amigas.
Right.
And cha-cha.
Any other friends
who like dancing?
Not really.
Well, then what are
your friends into?
I don't know. And jump!
They have any hobbies,
passions, likes, dislikes?
Or even just their names!
I'll take any name, really.
Syd, what's with
all the questions?
Nothing! I just want to know
about your friends.
I've told you all about liam,
and nigel, and gemma...
Right.
Your friends from England.
But what I mean is,
have you made any new friends
in portland?
What are you saying?
That you don't think
I have any friends here?
No, no! But do you?
You do, right?
Of course you do.
Do you?
Okay. If you must know,
I haven't made
any new friends.
(sighs) you know,
I'm suddenly a little
danced out.
I'm gonna go.
Harry, wait.
(door closes)
♪♪
hey, syd. Oh good,
you're working on those songs.
No, I'm trying to figure out
how to apologize to harry
for embarrassing him.
What happened?
I kinda pushed him
into admitting
he doesn't have any friends
in portland.
Well, I wouldn't say
no friends.
He's got you.
But that's the problem.
I can't be his only friend.
He should be making
his own life here,
not just becoming
a part of mine.
That's a lot to put on you.
It's not like you can be
with him 24 hours a day.
Oh, my gosh.
What if all the time
he spends with me is
just a way to avoid
making friends of his own?
How did I not see it?
Honey, it's not your fault.
This is the first time
you've ever been in
a situation like this.
Thanks, dad.
I think I know what
I need to do about harry.
Just glad I could help.
I helped, right?
Yeah, I helped.
♪
hey, alisha.
Don't "hey, alisha" me.
Darwin at the emporium
told me what you said.
Oh.
Well, clearly he doesn't
understand the phrase,
"you didn't hear it from me."
he said you told him
I'm always late?
I've never been late once.
And that I'm unfriendly
to customers?
Why would you say that, max?
Okay, fine.
You really want to know?
The truth is,
I like you.
Wait. You what?
As a friend!
I like you as a friend.
I thought if you
left the arcade,
we wouldn't get to hang anymore.
So that's why you did it?
I'm really sorry.
Max, I'll be working
just across the mall.
What do you mean working?
I thought you didn't get the job
because of me.
Oh, I got the job.
Darwin said I must be
a great employee
if someone is willing to lie
to keep me.
Wait, how'd he know
I was lying?
Because you wore this.
Every time you lied,
the bracelet changed color.
Stupid science!
Max, why don't you keep it?
It'll remind you to never
lie to me again.
Trust me,
I've learned my lesson.
You know, just because
we're not working together
doesn't mean we can't
hang out anymore.
Real friends always
make time for each other, right?
I will if you will.
Hey! Why don't we
play some ball?
Only if you're ready to lose.
♪
hey, syd.
Oh, harry.
Thanks for coming over.
Listen, I want to say I'm sorry.
Sorry for what?
For leaving yesterday.
I was kind of embarrassed
you found out
I hadn't made
any other friends here.
Don't be embarrassed.
I shouldn't have pushed you.
Making new friends is tough.
Just ask kindergarten me.
Hard to believe anyone wouldn't
want to be friends with you.
Harry, do you think it
might be a little bit harder
to meet new friends
if you're with me all the time?
But I like
spending time with you.
And I like hanging out
with you, too.
But don't you ever
want to hang out
with other people?
I do. But you're right.
It's hard making new friends.
It took me so long to find
my crew in london.
Now I have to start
all over again.
I get that.
But it's not gonna happen
if you're always with me,
and I'm always with you.
So, what are you saying?
Maybe for right now,
it would be better
for both of us to
take a break from hanging out.
(sighs) I was afraid
that's where this was going.
Not forever. Just a pause,
until you get settled in
a little more.
Do you own thing.
Find your own amigos.
And then we can all
hang out together.
I hate to say it,
but I think you're right.
It's for the best,
even if it's...
The worst.
Yeah. The worst.
But don't worry.
You are gonna make
a lot of friends.
Well, I better get started.
Or, we could swing
a little longer.
I'd like that.
♪♪
hey, syd.
I just want to say,
I'm really proud of you
for being honest with harry.
I know it couldn't
have been easy.
It wasn't,
but I think it was good
for both of us.
In fact, the amigas
are coming over
for a nice, long study sesh,
and then I will finally
have a chance
to write those new songs.
How about one about
a wise old owl
who owns a bike shop?
If you need a rhyme for owl,
just howl.
Please throw in the towel.
Oh, no. The more I fight it,
the worse it gets.
Guess what?
I found my sorority pin.
Ah, congratulations.
Where was it?
Well, first I tore
my room apart.
Then I tore your room apart.
And then I remembered
I put it in my jewelry box,
so I wouldn't forget
where it was.
Wait, you tore my room apart?
Yes, and I broke some stuff.
But the important thing is,
I found my pin.
Oh. And look what else
I found.
Wow.
Your mom gave me this
when we were kids.
What is it?
Oh, you know.
Just your typical bracelet
slash portable lie detector.
Oh, really?
So, dad,
have you ever read my diary?
Of course not.
Oh, no, it still works!
♪
man:
Oh, yeah.